Setup instructions for the Python tutorial (#114)
bigginlab/OxCompBio: tutorials/Python/README.md

The tutorial is broken down into 12 sections which progressively introduce various python concepts. We recommend that these be followed in order, however those already acquainted with python may wish to skip ahead to some of the later topics.

## Requirements
## Getting started

> Python 3.6 or higher is required for this workshop. Note that Python 2.x will reach End of Life (EOL) the 1st of January 2020. We advise that no new python code be written in Python 2.x.

Reviewer: I think this is still important to mention, given there is still a lot of Python 2.7 around.

Reviewer: Never mind, I didn't see it moved below.

### Conda

> This tutorial uses several [libraries](#Libraries) which are not provided in standard python installations. Whilst there are many means by which to install and manage python libraries, we recommend using the `conda` manager which is provided in [Anaconda python distributions](https://www.anaconda.com/distribution/).

Reviewer: Better to suggest miniconda?

Author: Can do, I'll move the workshop stuff up though to make it clear that they should just install anaconda as per the main setup instructions.

> If you are attending the Oxford Computational Biochemistry workshop, please followin the "getting started instructions above".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are attending the Oxford Computational Biochemistry workshop, please follow the "getting started instructions above".
```

## Requirements

> Python 3.6 or higher is required for this workshop. Note that Python 2.x will reach End of Life (EOL) the 1st of January 2020. We advise that no new python code be written in Python 2.x.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Python 3.6 or higher is required for this workshop. Note that Python 2.x reached End of Life (EOL) the 1st of January 2020. We advise that no new Python code be written in Python 2.x.
```

* [`nglview`](http://nglviewer.org/nglview/latest/)

## Binder

> If you wish to follow this tutorial from your own computer and do not wish to install [anaconda](#Conda) python, or are using Windows, you can run this tutorial completely online using [binder](https://mybinder.org/).

Reviewer: Should we reference again the `setup.md` file here, to avoid any confusion?

Author: Agreed, I finally fixed binder, so I'm going to re-write this with a "if for some reason everything else fails, you can participate interactively using binder, although some of the features may not work"

Author: Done, I've made it clearer + fixed the binder links.
